README.md, before:

# Tooter

Tooter is Mastodon client for Sailfish OS. It is a free, open-source social network. A decentralized alternative to commercial platforms, it avoids the risks of a single company monopolizing your communication. 

## Screenshot
<img width="200" title="Simple and cute cover" src="https://grave-design.com/images/tooter/sailfishos-tooter-cover.png"> <img width="200" title="Never miss a notification" src="https://grave-design.com/images/tooter/sailfishos-tooter-notifications.png"> <img width="200" title="Rich timeline with media display" src="https://grave-design.com/images/tooter/sailfishos-tooter-home.png"> <img width="200" title="Media upload and spoiler toots" src="https://grave-design.com/images/tooter/sailfishos-tooter-conversation.png"> <img width="200" title="Reading mode for Articles" src="https://grave-design.com/images/tooter/sailfishos-tooter-reading-mode.png"> <img width="200" title="Save up on your data plan" src="https://grave-design.com/images/tooter/sailfishos-tooter-settings.png"> <img width="200" title="Username prediction while typing" src="https://grave-design.com/images/tooter/sailfishos-tooter-autocomplete.png"> <img width="200" title="Simple user search" src="https://grave-design.com/images/tooter/sailfishos-tooter-usersearch.png">


## License
`// TODO`

Commit message:

Explained the reason for this fork

README.md, after:

# Changes in this fork compared to original

I could not get the app to work with pleroma (explosion.party instance) so I was hoping to fix it myself. Now, while I didn't really understand anything important and didn't fix it to my knowledge, I did do some changes and after compiling it worked. Why it worked I have no idea... 
 

## Changes are (if I remember correctly) the following :
 - Changed 'an Mastodon instance' to 'a Mastodon instance'
 - Changed the example instance from mastodon.social to niu.moe. Mastodon.social is cancer...
 - Added a line somewhere in either API.js or Mastodon.js that prints the client_id to the terminal. Note that it's already being printed to terminal so it's redundant. I just wanted to see if I can make a change to code that isn't responsible for the UI and see if it still worked.

 
Apart from that, I just compiled it and it worked. I'll upload the RPM I compiled to github too so it's available...
 
Original Readme bellow
---

# Tooter

Tooter is Mastodon client for Sailfish OS. It is a free, open-source social network. A decentralized alternative to commercial platforms, it avoids the risks of a single company monopolizing your communication. 

## Screenshot
<img width="200" title="Simple and cute cover" src="https://grave-design.com/images/tooter/sailfishos-tooter-cover.png"> <img width="200" title="Never miss a notification" src="https://grave-design.com/images/tooter/sailfishos-tooter-notifications.png"> <img width="200" title="Rich timeline with media display" src="https://grave-design.com/images/tooter/sailfishos-tooter-home.png"> <img width="200" title="Media upload and spoiler toots" src="https://grave-design.com/images/tooter/sailfishos-tooter-conversation.png"> <img width="200" title="Reading mode for Articles" src="https://grave-design.com/images/tooter/sailfishos-tooter-reading-mode.png"> <img width="200" title="Save up on your data plan" src="https://grave-design.com/images/tooter/sailfishos-tooter-settings.png"> <img width="200" title="Username prediction while typing" src="https://grave-design.com/images/tooter/sailfishos-tooter-autocomplete.png"> <img width="200" title="Simple user search" src="https://grave-design.com/images/tooter/sailfishos-tooter-usersearch.png">


## License
`// TODO`
